# City of Saskatoon - Website Redesign Project (13-0484)

## Addendum, July 19, 2013

## Questions & Answers

* Are there any web **analytics** reporting requirements such as reports on general trends of users (user behavior like how many times a user has logged in, pages viewed, navigation movement through pages etc)? For such web analytics reporting, is there a need for application like Omniture tagging or is there an application currently being used? (Web analytics is the measurement, collection, analysis and reporting of internet data for purposes of understanding user behavior. This data helps companies to gauge traffic, understand popularity trends, view number of visitors, view number of pages viewed etc).

    * **Yes there is a web analytics reporting requirement. We have used WebTrends and are currently using GoogleAnalytics**

* Are there any **business reporting** requirements such as reports on eservices, shopping trends etc?
    * **not at this time**

* Is **shopping cart** functionality required? Is there a shopping cart or payment gateway functionality already integrated in the website? Are there any payment gateways currently being used? Payment gateways such as paypal, global collect, google checkout etc.?
    * **Shopping cart is not being considered as part of this project but has been given future consideration. We currently use an in house solution and Moneris as a payment gateway for our eServices that require payment**

* Is **external SEO** on google, bing etc required? (External SEO is to make website appear on the top of the list on search engines like google, bing etc)
    * **SEO is not listed as required**

* What kind of **user interactions** is needed? Example: live chat, help, blog, emails etc
    * **that is to be determined in conjunction with the succesful proponent. Two way communication is a must**

* Does the site need to be **multilingual**?
    * **Not defined at this time, this answer should come from the discovery process with the succesful proponent**

* Please confirm the list of **subsidiary websites**?
    * **We are asking for a plan to handle subsidiary or microsites. The list of subsidiary websites is not complete and will be dependent on the plan. Two identified to this point are Saskatoon Transit, and the Saskatoon Forestry Farm Park & Zoo.**

* How many **hits per day** does the site encounter currently and what is the forecast over the next 1, 5, 10, and 15 years?
    * **We currently average 9000 _visits_ daily. We have no forecast for future hits at this time. We have experienced a growth of over 35k _visits_ per month from June 2012 to June 2013.**

* Does the **content** on the site need to be managed by business teams without any IT intervention?
    * **Yes**

* What will be the **frequency of content change**?
    * **Each section of the site will be different. There is content that changes hourly, some daily, some monthly, some yearly.**

* How much **dynamic and static scripting** is needed on the site?
    * **That depends on your design, the site should be dynamic.**

* What **type of data** will be available on the site? Example: video, pdf, images, ppt etc.
    * **There is a variety of data on the site including but not limited to .avi, .pdf, .docx, .jpg, .png, .pptx**

* Will there be **real time updates** on the site?
    * **Real time or near real time is a requirement**

* Please confirm the following requirements: need for DMS, **versioning**, publish web pages, and upload/download images and videos at runtime?
    * **Yes, versioning and workflows are required for content as well as downloadable media content. The City does have some live video feeds however those are currently hosted offsite.**

* What are the **current site limitations** from a business perspective?
    * **The business process may be redefined by this project. As long as a variety of processes are considered, the business process should be handled. i.e. there is requirement for some 2 step approval/workflows, some one step, and some real time updating.**

* Please confirm **SharePoint** is used as a platform for the intranet and extranet?
    * **Sharepoint is the current platform for both the intranet and extranet and will continue to be for the intranet.**

* Please confirm the current **hosting environment** and if there are any specific hosting requirements?
    * **Current hosting environment is Sharepoint 2007 on Microsoft Windows server 2003. There are no defined hosting requirements for this project.**

* Is a list of **current API and web services** available?
    * **A list of current web services is avaialble on the City of Saskatoon website at [http://www.saskatoon.ca/DEPARTMENTS/City%20Managers%20Office/Communications%20Branch/Pages/WebsiteProject.aspx](http://www.saskatoon.ca/DEPARTMENTS/City%20Managers%20Office/Communications%20Branch/Pages/WebsiteProject.aspx)**

* Is there a request for **rate cards** showing rates for project team members?
    * **No**

