# City of Saskatoon - Website Redesign Project

# #13-0484

## Addendum, July 22, 2013

## Proponents' Questions

* **Question**: Would it be alright if we posted a version of our submission online that could be viewed by anyone in the general public? Would doing so disqualify our submission from consideration?

    * **Please be advised that is it not acceptable to post a version of your RFQ submission online during the RFQ Process. For clarification, the following addition is added to the RFQ document:**

    ### Prohibited Communications and Lobbying Prohibition

    - Neither Consultants nor their Representatives or Team Members shall:
        - make any public comment, respond to questions in a public forum, or carry out any activities to publicly promote or advertise their qualifications, interest in, or participation in, the Projects of this RFQ Process without the City's prior written consent, which consent may be withheld in the City's sole descretion; or

        - engage, in any way whatsoever, in any form of political or other lobbying whatsoever in relation to the Project or to influence the outcome of this RFQ Process.


    - The City may, at its sole discretion and at any time in the RFQ Process, reject the Qualification Submission of a Consultant that has contravened Section 1). The City may, as an alternative to the rejection of such a Qualification Submission, impose such conditions on a Consultant's continued participation in the RFQ Process and the RFP Process as the City, in its sole discretion, may consider in the public interest or otherwise appropriate.

* **Question**: According to the Submission guidelines there is no requirement for pricing; however, Part C is termed as PRICING. Are we required to submit pricing with this RFQ response?

    * **Cost will be a component of the Request For Proposal process and not required for the Request for Qualifications submission. Please disregard Part C Pricing.**

* **Question**: Can our references be a part of the appendix?

    * **References may be included as an Appendix to the RFQ submission.**


**PLEASE NOTE: No further questions will be accepted for this process and the deadline for submissions remains 2:00 p.m. (SK) Tuesday, July 23, 2013.**
